README.md, before:

# g3sinks
sinks to g3logger

#  Sinks
Each sink will have its own LICENSE file. Make sure to understand what the sink provides
before you use it. 

## Log Rotate + Log Rotate with Filter
Adapted from vrecan/g2log-dev https://bitbucket.org/vrecan/g2log-dev
Rotation of logs. 
The license is public domain, a.k.a the  UNLICENSE.
See details at the sink [location](https://github.com/KjellKod/g3sinks/tree/master/logrotate).

# Snippets
[Code snippet examples and a short description](snippets/README.markdown). These are not installed but can 
be used as helpful examples on how to create your custom sinks

# More ...
For more information please look at the Readme and API documentation ag https://github.com/KjellKod/g3log
For detailed sink usage please see the header files and tests  in his repository. They are written so that
The sink usage should be clear.

# Say Thanks
These sinks for the g3logger are available for free and all of its source code is public domain.  A great way of saying thanks is to send a donation. It would go a long way not only to show your support but also to boost continued development.

[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.me/g3log/25)

* $5 for a cup of coffee
* $10 for pizza 
* $25 for a lunch or two
* $100 for a date night with my wife (which buys family credit for evening coding)
* $$$ for upgrading my development environment
* $$$$ :)

Cheers

Kjell

Commit message:

Improved build instructions for Linux

README.md, after:

# g3sinks
sinks to g3logger

#  Sinks
Each sink will have its own LICENSE file. Make sure to understand what the sink provides
before you use it. 

## Log Rotate + Log Rotate with Filter
Adapted from vrecan/g2log-dev https://bitbucket.org/vrecan/g2log-dev
Rotation of logs. 
The license is public domain, a.k.a the  UNLICENSE.
See details at the sink [location](https://github.com/KjellKod/g3sinks/tree/master/logrotate).

# Snippets
[Code snippet examples and a short description](snippets/README.markdown). These are not installed but can 
be used as helpful examples on how to create your custom sinks

# More ...
For more information please look at the Readme and API documentation i.e. https://github.com/KjellKod/g3log
For detailed sink usage please see the header files and tests  in his repository. They are written so that
The sink usage should be clear.

# Building g3sinks
##Requirements
*g3log*
G3sinks requires [g3log](https://github.com/KjellKod/g3log)  to be installed. 
The g3log install location has to be specified during the cmake build step. In the example below the g3log installation 
location is `/usr/local`

*boost*
G3sinks requires [boost](http://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_63_0/index.html)  to be installed. 
For installing boost please follow their [instructions](http://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_63_0/more/getting_started/unix-variants.html). 

The boost install location `BOOST_ROOT` or `Boost_INCLUDE_DIR` has to be specified during the cmake build step.
In the example below the boost  installation 
location is `/usr/local`

```
cd g3sinks
cd 3rdparty
unzip gtest-1.7.0.zip
cd ..
cd logrotate
mkdir build
cd build
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS:BOOL=ON -DG3_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/local/lib -DG3_HEADER_PATH=/usr/local/include -DBOOST_ROOT=/usr/local ..
make 
sudo make install
```


# Say Thanks
These sinks for the g3logger are available for free and all of its source code is public domain.  A great way of saying thanks is to send a donation. It would go a long way not only to show your support but also to boost continued development.

[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.me/g3log/25)

* $5 for a cup of coffee
* $10 for pizza 
* $25 for a lunch or two
* $100 for a date night with my wife (which buys family credit for evening coding)
* $$$ for upgrading my development environment
* $$$$ :)

Cheers

Kjell
